Haaaa...
Do you cook do you cook in this prescience class?
What should I talk about? Yeah
No. You just try the king
To bring
You should ask him for his his electric skillet and then you can...
Yeah. I can make pancakes.
yeah
yeah, yeah. You don't?
Oh, I mean, that's everyone though.
So, You can you can make pancakes, you can make bacon, Maggi
And you can say, I heard from...
the previous years.
He said he said, he said, he banned it because Dr. Stompers found out or something.
yeah
But..
We also brought a rice cooker. Let me make
Huhu, Yeah, we, and then we, brought
egg
Ohh... oh
mhm huhhahaha
huhuh
Who's the best at Poki?
You still have that? still deal it?
Thanks never crashed as per we have it
So was the people?
crashes people like, they will judgeing ***
yeah, okay
I cannot do AP physics.
whereas
ohh
Wait, but I I had something to do yesterday.
I got a B+. Wait, no, it's because of my missing, sorry. It's because of my missing. I'm sorry
So it's possible. It's kind a
It I has an A+ group.
So, it's kind of possible.
I cannot take PC though
Can I take PC? Right.
yeah
mmm
Wait, but AP... have this is like a normal math test.
Except yeah, we bring ***
Huh, and huh, I mean research is just a bit of paper know.
Ours ourself?
But what do you learn then? Isn't it just a free period?
I don't know.
But but the entire the entire class it's research cycle
Is it research time or do you have like lectures?
I have gonna do that. what?
Where are you going to do research?
What are you going to do? research a?
But like, why why can't do research?
Keep going, keep going.. ss
Keep going, keep going
Why? why? huhu, Wait, stop.
But there's no exam though right? There's no exam.
Why? wait what? Are you annoyed?
Topper like, It we are, it be
Ohhh.., So, have you taken EpiCompSar? No, right?
Ohh... So you submit your research and then you'll get a
A bunch of vague questions that you need to ask.